Bring your dog.
Get out of here right now. Can't you be polite?
Just because of your bad temper
Dad, he can't stand you.
I want to cut ties with you
I'm being polite
You're all bullying me now
Should I get on my knees and thank you?
He has come to my house to make trouble now
I don't even have the right to resist
We make trouble
It's because you want to kill our Jiang family
I told you.
Your Jiang family and Huacan Group cannot cooperate.
It's because I offended my grandfather.
It has nothing to do with me
To continue to cooperate
Then go and beg grandpa not to come to my house to make trouble
I've shown you the way to live
It's been done.
Stop using grandpa as a shield
If you don't go back today
You don't want this home
We have severed relations
Go back and warm up
Kobayashi, just dismantle it.
I want to see that he has no place to live
Can you still be so tough?
Take it apart
Do it, you trespass
Is there no royal law to dismantle it without permission?
We didn't demolish it without authorization.
See, we have the right to demolish this place